https://codepen.io/TinaDev/pen/GRpOJyB?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML are tags with meaning. They are more descriptive. 
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to create electronic documents called pages that are displayed on the Web.                          
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element. They are always declared in the start tag.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1's are usually used for the title of the page or post. This should be used very seldom possibly only once since it brings alot of attention due to its font size. 
   
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    An a tag and an input tag both require attributes. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    In the head we put our metadata such as document title, style links, scripts. Information not to be displayed to the user. 

    7. What is an id?
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element and the value must be unique, only being used once. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    The id can be used on any HTML element. 
 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    You can only use and id value once on a page.  
    
    10. What is a class?
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    There is no limit, you can use the same class as many times on a page. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add target="_blank" to the links(anchor tags)

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute will specify an alternate text for an image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    In CSS you would write # followed by the id name of the element. 


    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section defines sections in a document and is more semantic. Div tags define a division and should only be used to divide certain meaningful parts of the document.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to style HTML markup.  
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    We select an element by declaring the element. To declare every h2 you would simply write h2{}.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between and ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. 
    An exmaple of when to use an id would be in the header and footer since they are most likely only declared once on every page. An example of when to use
    a class would be multiple links that, each requiring the same class to style. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class in CSS you would use the period(.) followed by the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector is when you want to target a child element of the parent for example div p. A div with a p tag nested inside. This is useful
    when there are no classes or id's associated with these elements. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar li {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, like being hovered over with the cursor.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height in CSS.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing in CSS

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    To change everything to capitals we use uppercase. To lowercase we use lowercase. To Capitlize we use capitilize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    wildcard *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls to list everything in the current directory.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls will list all the files. 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm "filename" will remove the file in the command line. You have to be careful because there is no warning that will prompt and it will not be sent to trash for 
    recovery. It will be permanetly deleted from the computer. 

    34. Why should I use version control?
    Version control helps manange all files that are revised by many people. It tracks every individual change by each contributor and helps prevent confliction.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Commit as often as possible as long as it is a logical change. Doesn't have to be for every change made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the repo
        2. Clone the URL to git. 
        3. Create any additonal files if needed with touch
        4. Add the files with git add .
        5. Commit the files with git commit -m "message" when changes are made
        6. Push when ready to send to github using git push
        7. Create a Pull Request to the TL.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block elements always start on a new line and take up the width available. Inline elements don't start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    When an element is positioned absolutely it is considered fixed. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    Use border-box on the element. 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    By default div, h1, and p display block. By default span and image display inline. And a button displays inline-block.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    The box model is the area that wraps around content in HTML. It will be as followed: content < padding < border < margin. Border-box allows the box model
    to respect the width given. 



   -->